you don't know everything about me
The Avengers weren't my first family at
some point we all have to choose between
what the world wants you to be
new your if we do this we risk
everything
[Music]
your distance before nope
our secret finds its way out there'll be
the death of him this was your choice
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome home vision residence
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm gonna burn this place to the ground
my dad believed in you I'm not gonna
make the same mistake you know what
happens to you if you don't do this I
have everything I need to have a
court-martialed and dishonorably
discharged
Ronnie we got some kind of fire we've
got units headed out there now don't
know why he came all the way up here he
won't survive
[Music]
this summer get ready for action bad
guys snacks more bad guys tidy whities
explosions shut by nuts nunchucks
[Applause]
the commercials in this game are really
expensive spongebob it's just the
pregame yeah I smell a road trip could
be my breath the Spongebob movie sponge
on the run yeah at least money were
spent when it comes to sweet there's
only one name I've studied the best spin
moves his legendary I raced the fastest
in the world he makes us all its left
I'm wild but he's on another level that
dude he knows it's all about the rings
when he turns on the burners good luck
he's just a blur out there what's this
for again what's this for again this
Morgan what's this for again great
question
I have no idea but please McCaffrey go
on about how amazing I am
what am i doing you're mine Hedgehog
now that's what I call good cop bad cop
left herself open
clothes organics six of our northern
cities had fallen in a coordinated
attack their leader fights alongside of
which
crush these murderers your majesty every
family must contribute one man to fight
your war hero you've already made many
great sacrifices
[Music]
my father cannot fight so I will take
his place the northern invaders will
kill her if I expose how power all
people will kill her when we take the
Imperial City I will take revenge for my
father what is your name soldier
[ __ ] commander Sona Kajal you will now
take the oath of the warrior
release
[Music]
by pretending to be something you're not
yet here I stand proof that there is a
place for people like us
a girl threatens our place
a warrior
[Music]
[Applause]
you